Allow break to the next/previous visual row on right/left arrow key. (#2146)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-compact-interactive-list/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Changed

>   * Key board navigation updated to wrap to the next/previous line at the end/start of a visual row.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
  * Keyboard navigation updated to wrap to the next/previous line at the end/start of a visual row.
```
